# Fun Facts About Canada

We may be known as the Great White North, but we’re also green and blue! Did you know Canada has more lakes than the rest of the world combined and is home to 10% of the world’s forests? Some of its national parks are bigger than entire countries!

Wild about wildlife: Canada is home to 2.4 million caribou and 15,500 of the world’s 25,000 polar bears, not to mention home to 22 different species of whales.

Canada’s Great Trail, a network of trails stretching across the country from coast-to-coast-to-coast, is the longest recreational trail in the world. At 24,000km of land- and water-based trail, it’s longer than the Great Wall of China (8,851km).

Canada is made for outdoor adventurers. Did you know you can raft-surf the world’s highest tides at the Bay of Fundy, paddle with orcas in British Columbia, track the largest caribou migration in Nunavut or kayak past icebergs and humpback whales in Newfoundland and Labrador?

Canada is known as a diverse nation that’s welcoming to immigrants. In 2016, over 250 ethnic ancestries were reported by the Canadian population, contributing to a rich and vibrant culture and culinary scene.

Well-educated: More than half of Canadians have earned college degrees, making it the world’s most educated nation.

Canada is home to North America’s only remaining walled city—the historic neighbourhood of Old Quebec, also the first city in North America to be placed on UNESCO’s World Heritage Sites list.

Canada has the world’s most northern settlement: Alert, Nunavut, just shy of the North Pole. That’s why Santa has his own Canada Post postal code here, (H0H 0H0), where kids can send him letters at Christmas (he responds).

Can you guess Canada’s most played sport? Perhaps a bit surprising, it’s golf, followed by the beloved national pastime, ice hockey.
