
# BRING YOUR OWN DEVICE (BYOD) POLICY

# PURPOSE OF THE POLICY

Describe your policy guidelines for the use of personally owned notebooks, smart phones, tablets for company purposes.

# PROCEDURES

# CURRENT MOBILE DEVICES APPROVED FOR COMPANY BUSINESS USE

List the personally owned mobile devices that are approved for company use:

- Add the type, make and model of approved device.
- Add the type, make and model of approved device.

# REGISTRATION

Detail the registration process for personal devices.

List approved business purposes. Examples include business email messages, business calls, and approved product apps.

- Purpose 1
- Purpose 2
- Purpose 3

Describe conditions for using personal devices for business purposes. Conditions may include not transmitting sensitive information, to ensure information is backed up on another device, to guard the device against compromise in public places and on public Wi-Fi systems, and not to allow unauthorized individuals to use the device.

# COMPANY RIGHTS

Describe the extent of company control and rights to intellectual property and data created on the device. For example, your company may assert its right to own all intellectual property created on the device and to delete data if the device is ever stolen or when the employee is terminated for whatever reason. Consult your CIO and legal counsel for more information.

# SECURITY MEASURES FOR MOBILE DEVICES

Detail expectations for keeping devices secure.

# EXEMPTIONS

Describe any exemptions.

# BREACH OF POLICY

Describe any actions and consequence for breach of software policy.

# INDEMNITY

Describe how employees are expected to indemnify your company in the event that illegal activity is conducted using company assets. Consult your legal advisor for more information.
